README.md, before:

# combined-shop-scraper
A simple, configurable and expandable combined shop scraper to minimize the costs of ordering several items.
## Features
- Define an input file components.json with components to be scraped and the source urls
- Find the cheapest order combination including the shipping prices
- Get alarm prices when single components are below a defined price
- Easily expand for new shops (scraping basic know-how required). Default basic support for:
  - PC component shops: [notebooksbilliger](https://www.notebooksbilliger.de/), [cyberport](https://www.cyberport.de/) and [future-x](https://www.future-x.de/)
  - Bike shops: [bike-components](https://www.bike-components.de) and [bike-discount](https://www.bike-discount.de)
## Usage
### JSON file definition
The default input JSON file is [`components.json`](data/components.json) (which can be also passed as optional positional argument) and must be located in the data folder. This is the basic structure of the file:
```json
{
  "component1": {
    "alarm_price": 260,
    "quantity": 1,
    "urls": [
      "https://www.someshop.com/component1",
      "https://www.someshop.com/component1-alternative",
      "https://www.anothershop.com/component1-alternative"]
  },
  "component2": {
    "urls": [
      "https://www.someshop.com/component2",
      "https://www.anothershop.com/component2",
      "https://www.onemoreshop.com/component2"]
  }
```
The component name and at least one url are mandatory. It is possible to add several urls from the same shop for the same component if there are some alternatives for this. The quantity of each component defaults to 1, the alarm price is optional.
### Installation
Install the package
```sh
pip install -e .
```
### Execution
Just enter the command `scraper` from the main project folder. If you don't specify any input file, it will look for the [`data/components.json`](data/components.json) file inside the folder where you are executing the script. You can also pass the input file as parameter, like this:
```sh
scraper your_folder/input_file.json
```

It will print an overview of the ideal order to minimize the overall cost. The program runs just once and does not keep tracking prices in the background. As usual with scraping, be gentle and fair and don't abuse this program. 
### Addition of new shops
If you want to add a new shop, you need to edit the file [`shops.py`](scraper/shops.py) and:
- Enter the significant part of the shop url in the method `Shop._get_shops_dict` and define a new class type (child of `Shop`)
- Implement the methods `_process_soup` and `get_shipping_cost` for the new class. Use the existing classes as reference for the data you need to scrap.
- Add your new urls to the input file!
## License
Copyright (c) 2021 javiser
`combined-shop-scraper` is distributed under the terms of the MIT License.

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for license details.

Commit message:

Added a new class to implement custom alarms when product price is below alarm price

README.md, after:

# combined-shop-scraper
A simple, configurable and expandable combined shop scraper to minimize the costs of ordering several items.
## Features
- Define an input file components.json with components to be scraped and the source urls
- Find the cheapest order combination including the shipping prices
- Get alarm prices when single components are below a defined price
- Easily expand for new shops (scraping basic know-how required). Default basic support for:
  - PC component shops: [notebooksbilliger](https://www.notebooksbilliger.de/), [cyberport](https://www.cyberport.de/) and [future-x](https://www.future-x.de/)
  - Bike shops: [bike-components](https://www.bike-components.de) and [bike-discount](https://www.bike-discount.de)
## Usage
### JSON file definition
The default input JSON file is [`components.json`](data/components.json) (which can be also passed as optional positional argument) and must be located in the data folder. This is the basic structure of the file:
```json
{
  "component1": {
    "alarm_price": 260,
    "quantity": 1,
    "urls": [
      "https://www.someshop.com/component1",
      "https://www.someshop.com/component1-alternative",
      "https://www.anothershop.com/component1-alternative"]
  },
  "component2": {
    "urls": [
      "https://www.someshop.com/component2",
      "https://www.anothershop.com/component2",
      "https://www.onemoreshop.com/component2"]
  }
```
The component name and at least one url are mandatory. It is possible to add several urls from the same shop for the same component if there are some alternatives for this. The quantity of each component defaults to 1, the alarm price is optional.
### Installation
Install the package
```sh
pip install -e .
```
### Execution
Just enter the command `scraper` from the main project folder. If you don't specify any input file, it will look for the [`data/components.json`](data/components.json) file inside the folder where you are executing the script. You can also pass the input file as parameter, like this:
```sh
scraper your_folder/input_file.json
```
It will print an overview of the ideal order to minimize the overall cost. The program runs just once and does not keep tracking prices in the background. As usual with scraping, be gentle and fair and don't abuse this program. 
### Development
If you want to add a new shop, you need to edit the file [`shops.py`](scraper/shops.py) and:
- Enter the significant part of the shop url in the method `Shop._get_shops_dict` and define a new class type (child of `Shop`)
- Implement the methods `_process_soup` and `get_shipping_cost` for the new class. Use the existing classes as reference for the data you need to scrap.
- Add your new urls to the input file!

Furthermore, you can add your own implementation in the [`alarm.py`](scraper/alarm.py) file. Right now it just prints some text, but you could add here your preferred alarm method.
## License
Copyright (c) 2021 javiser
`combined-shop-scraper` is distributed under the terms of the MIT License.

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for license details.
